Mike's ABS calm with today's free app
today by greyhound games it's called
warlords call to arms it's a very nice
app and I have played this for hours on
my iPad literally so this is the iphone
version it's free it's openfeint enabled
as you can see we can check out the
options here and some of them pertain to
the gameplay so you may want to check
that out that's the auto send come back
here you can see the instructions it's
there there you can read them I'm going
to show you how to do it real quick or
how to play anyways so we'll go ahead
and play I've already been planned this
is a involved game it's a strategy game
so let's go ahead and do campaign which
I've already been playing will continue
I'm upgrading my units I have those one
two three four so I can get another unit
and I have a choice between this dude
which is what is that I can't ask out or
we'll go with an ax men i like the ax
men so let's just go ahead and purchase
that now i have the ax men and we'll go
ahead and continue i can't purchase any
more so here i am on the men of the west
which focused from the middle of the
arrows and i'm going to take on see I
want to take on the skeleton guys are
kind of hard so I'll play the orcs and
they're going to be difficult tells you
how difficult they are to play so the
object of the game is you pick a unit so
here's the spear and wherever i press
the spear will show up it takes a little
bit to spawn them and you want to go
after the ones where the the other guys
are coming because what happens is if
the more enemies that get across that
way that's how you lose the game and
you're trying to get your guys over as
fast as you can so you want to keep
building instead of talking like i was
doing so we'll do a little bit of sword
action and you can put that I've got
speed I've got Spears I've got swords I
have archers archers are good to put
behind the big guys that have the
weapons and you can put multiple archers
and after after 20 kills you'll get a
charge which really infuses some
strength and here in your campaign so
you want to use your best unit for the
charge so you can just terrorize your
opponent so long game it's not a quick
game of strategy and it's definitely
good for a free download this is an
absolutely awesome app so let's do the
Hal beard and we'll go ahead and hit
charge and now I get a line of guys
coming out and they're basically just
got crushed if you look up top there's a
pulls down there's a little orange bar
on a purple bar and the orange you want
this to turn all orange that means
you're going to win the campaign or this
of that any way through this this battle
I should say so that is how you play
warlords call to arms very nice game for
free excellent I highly recommend it and
if you're into strategy gaming this is
your game until next time this is crazy
Mike in crazy my staff with today's free
app today get it while you can till next
time see